# Wikipedia-Page-Creation-Why-and-How-
From students to professionals, almost everyone uses Wikipedia as an easily accessible source for accessing information about anything and everything. It is not just useful for generating ideas and finding sources, it can also be used for remembering and understanding a lot of information. <br>
Wikipedia is, therefore, one of the best third-party sources on search engines. It is also a recognized website, so it is often one of the first pages someone clicks on when they want to gain relevant and trustable information. <br>
So if you want to boost your business’s visibility online, you should consider creating a Wikipedia Page for your company, today. <br>
Why create a Wikipedia Page<br>
•	Build brand credibility: One of the most important reasons to have a Wikipedia page for your business is that it helps you build brand credibility and reputation in the ever-so-competitive market. Around 81% of consumers- especially young ones- conduct online research before purchasing any product or service. This especially holds true if you are offering something new or at a good discount price, since buyers are wary of being scammed, having a Wikipedia page will help to convince them of your brand’s credibility and authenticity. <br>
•	Increase brand visibility: Using a Wikipedia page will also help to enhance your visibility, as Wikipedia is the number 1 search result for more than 56% of all Google search results. <br>
•	Create brand awareness: Having a Wikipedia page can help you with brand awareness. Wikipedia is one of the top websites on search engines and receives billions of views every month. It is highly likely that some users might naturally stumble upon your Wikipedia page or find it via a link from other Wikipedia pages based on related topics. <br>
•	Boost SEO ranking: Having a Wikipedia page will also boost your search engine results. Since Google treats Wikipedia as a relevant, trusted source of information, getting a link from Wikipedia can help you get an instant boost in your SEO rankings. <br>
As a result of all these, hiring a Wikipedia Page Creation service to create a page for your business can help you in increasing your sales and thus help you grow your business. <br> 
Basic requirements <br>
Your company must first be encyclopedically relevant. Not just any company can make a Wikipedia page. A company is eligible for an entry on Wikipedia if it fulfills at least one of the following criteria: <br>
•	Notability: To create a Wikipedia page for your brand, you must first have notability. For this, you need articles written about you or your brand. An article where you are just mentioned is not good enough, the articles need to be about you as their main subject. It could be an interview, biography or any article by a well-known writer. <br>
•	Citation: The next step is to ensure that your brand has more than one reference. The best Wikipedia pages cite third-party information sources. If you lack these, you might want to create a press release first. <br>

Why hire a Wikipedia Page Creation Service?<br>
So why hire a <a href="https://www.hatsoffdigital.com/services/wikipedia-page-creation/">Wikipedia page creation agency</a> when you can just do it yourself?<br>
Well, Wikipedia rules state that you should not create your own page. It discourages people from writing articles about themselves or organizations they hold a personal stake.<br> Writing a Wikipedia page about your organization creates a conflict of interest and such articles are immediately deleted if they are even slightly inappropriate. If you write your own Wikipedia page and it gets taken down, it gets very difficult to create a new page, as your business will be flagged. <br>
Moreover, Wikipedia has many other strict guidelines that you must follow while creating a page. If your page does not comply with these guidelines, it can result in the deletion of pages and at times even result in permanent bans. <br>
Hence it is best to employ a Wikipedia Page creation service, who are experts in creating Wikipedia pages. This will minimize the risk of your page getting deleted. In addition to this, a professional Wikipedia page creation agency will ensure that your page is grammatically correct, uses the right keywords, and is well-structured and cited. <br>
Another advantage of working with a Wikipedia page creation service is that you will get to work with a Wikipedia professional who is trusted by the Wikicommunity. Therefore, if you wish to mark a presence online, it is essential to hire experts to create a Wikipedia page for your business/service.<br>
